[Girl 2] What should
we sing next?
[Nakanishi] Beats me.
[Girl 2] Hey, why
are you eating that?
[Nakanishi] Because
it's good! Want some?
[Girl 2] You're eating
like a pig, Takashi!
[Nakanishi] Yeah, yeah.
[Girl 2] I saw one of Megumi's
commercials yesterday.
[Girl 3] I love
the lip gloss one!
Chow time!
[Girl 2] Geez, you eat too much.
Hey Tachibana.
Did you pick a song?
Uh, I can't sing.
Okay. Here, Yamato.
[Yamato] Uh, thanks.
Mei, you're not singing?
[Asami] Guess not.
[Yamato] M-Mei.
[Yamato] Mei.
[Mei] Huh?
Mei, what about a duet?
Well?
[Mei] No way!
[Yamato] I love you.
Hey Mei?
Why are you blushing like that?
You know why I did that, right?
So he'd go away-
[Mei] I know!
I know, all right?
[Yamato] Uh, that wasn't
your first time, was it?
[Mei gasp]
[Yamato] Aw man, I'm sorry.
[Mei] It's okay! You
don't have to apologize!
[Yamato] Yeah, but...
[Mei] I said it's okay, dammit!
I didn't think you'd actually
come all the way out here.
Why not? I mean, why wouldn't I?
I'm glad you called.
We got rid of your
stalker, right?
Or maybe you didn't really need
my help after all, did you?
No, what I meant to say was...
I needed you! This time.
[Yamato laughs] This time only,
huh?
So, I get to call you
next time, right?
[Mei] What?
I've got your number now.
Uh, hang on.
Here.
[Yamato] Mei!
I'm beat.
Mei, let's walk home together.
Look! I'll pay for half
the ice cream, okay?
[Yamato] Don't worry about it.
You already paid your share.
When you kissed me.
[Mei] I don't understand
him, but maybe...
I can try and trust him.
I guess.
[Yamato] Mei!
Why are you so late?
Are you alright?
Mei?
Kurosawa is...
the most popular guy at school.
There couldn't be a bigger
social gap between us.
But still...
[Yamato] Good morning.
What do you want?
For one thing, I said good
morning. To you, okay?
Good morning, Kurosawa.
[Boy] Yamato!
Ah, hey!
See ya.
[Asami] Hey Tachibana!
Mornin'!
Morning Oikawa.
Call me Asami, okay?
Did Yamato already go to class?
[Mei] Yeah.
[Asami] Darn it all.
I wanted to say good
morning to him too.
You had me worried when
you just ran off yesterday.
[Mei] I'm sorry.
[Asami] Hey, it's alright!
I bet Yamato will want to hang
out with you again, sometime.
[Asami] Oh yeah! I found
something completely adorable
on my way home yesterday.
I got one for you.
[Mei] Oh, thanks...
[Nakanishi] Furballs, Asami?
Darn it, Takashi! I
bought that for Tachibana!
[Nakanishi] Well, what
did you get for me, Asami?
[Asami] Nothing, jerkface!
You called it a furball!
[Nakanishi] Algae ball?
[Asami] It's not an algae
either! Give it back!
Well, I'm exhausted.
[Mei] Boys are so...
[Asami] By the way...
You've got feelings
for Yamato, don't you?
Did you kiss or have sex?
Uh, I uh...
[Asami] How many times?
We only kissed... just once.
I knew it. You're pretty cute,
so I figured he'd want to kiss
you if he got the chance.
I guess it goes without
saying, I've kissed him too.
God, I'm tired.
Wanna skip next period?
Hey look, it's Melons.
Melonzilla.
[Mean Girl A] God, they're
gross.
[Asami] Let's go.
[Mei] You're so strong, Asami.
[Asami] Me? How so?
You keep smiling, no matter
what people say about you.
You don't get angry.
Well, of course stuff
like that bothers me...
But you know, I also have
a lot of people in my life
who are nice to me and
accept me for who I am.
Boys have been teasing me about
my breasts since middle school.
They were pretty merciless.
I got to the point
where I didn't want
to go to school anymore.
But something changed that...
[Boy 1] Look at those knockers!
[Boy 2] Sick dude!
Hey, make 'em bounce!
[Yamato] The only sickos here,
are you two hypocrites.
Remember that porn site you were
showing me the other day?
You had like a thousand
bookmarks on chicks
with big boobs.
[Boy] Dammit! Kurosawa!
[Yamato] It's okay.
I'm a fan of big breast, myself.
If you're gonna look, look.
Just don't be a jerk and
act like you don't like it.
Right?
[Asami] He saved me, yanno?
Sticking up for me like that.
And that's what he does.
He's sweet, he's kind.
He's always looking
out for other people.
He's cool.
But someone like me? I
have a tough enough time
looking after myself.
[Mei] Asami, um, do
you like Kurosawa?
[Asami] Yeah, I do.
But he doesn't like me.
When I asked him to kiss me,
it was almost too easy for him.
I guess the thing is,
Yamato won't kiss a girl
he really has feelings for.
I almost think think the idea
of being really close to someone
might make him a little scared.
There's a rumor that Yamato's
kissed every cute girl at
school, except for one.
It's supposedly
Arai from class B.
They were in school
together at one time,
and I think she's
his one true love.
Sometimes you can't
just beat that, yanno?
[Mei's phone vibrates]
Class B...
[Phone begins vibrating again]
[Mei] Hello?
[Yamato] Mei, were you asleep?
[Mei] Yes, I was.
[Yamato] Oh, sorry about that.
[Yamato] How about
karaoke tomorrow?
[Mei] Again?
[Yamato] With some of the
people from class B this time.
[Mei] Um, there's this girl
named Arai. Is she coming?
[Yamato] Y-yeah.
[Mei] I heard she
was your first love.
Yeah, o-okay.
Um, somebody told me that
you've actually kissed all
the girls in school...
[Yamato] Uh, maybe.
[Mei] They also said that you
wouldn't kiss a girl that you
were really interested in,
because you're still carrying a
torch for this other girl, Arai.
You know, and it
makes me wonder...
if you'd kiss a girl
you really liked or not.
Uh, the rumor mill's gonna keep
on milling out rumors, I guess.
I do what I want, when I want,
and that's all there is to it.
So you going tomorrow?
[Mei] No, I'm not.
[Yamato] Huh?
[Mei hangs up]
Mei, are you there?
[Mei] "I do what
I want, when I want."
You're not fooling me with that.
[Mei] So that's Arai.
She a mannequin,
I'm a wallflower.
She has friends, and I
lose my mind at karaoke.
I wonder if Kurosawa
still likes her.
This isn't good.
I don't like it.
I know he had a good reason,
but for him to kiss me
like that without asking,
when he hasn't declared
his feelings for her...
Is she really that
important to him,
or is he just playing the
field all over the place?
Are the rest of us girls just
pieces on a chess board to him?
[Boy 1] What's she doing?
[Boy 2] Weirdo.
[Mei] Weirdo, huh?!
Well excuse me!
[Mean Girl 1] Man, that Asami
Oikawa's seriously annoying.
[Mean Girl 2] She was hanging
all over Yamato again.
[Mean Girl 1] Who the hell
does she think she is anyway?
[Mean Girl 2] God, she's not
even good-looking, right?
[Mean Girl 1] I'm serious!
She doesn't need to go around
smothering all the guys with
those saggy sweater
kittens of hers.
[Both girls begin laughing]
[Mei gives a small laugh]
[Mean Girl 1] What
are you laughing at?
[Mei] Two bitches who need
an attitude adjustment.
[Mean Girls] What?
[Yamato] What happened to you?
[Mei] I fell.
Huh? You fell where?
[Yamato] Are you okay?
[Mei] Don't!
Let me see that.
It looks like someone hit you.
[Mei] I fell!
Okay.
I guess that's why you're
always carrying bandages.
Kind of makes sense.
Just be careful.
If you keep getting
banged up like that,
I'm gonna worry.
You'd worry?
Of course I would.
[Asami] Hey! There you are!
We've got gym next,
so hurry up!
Whoa! What happened
to your face?
She tripped and fell.
[Asami] What? Are
you okay, Tachibana?
That looks really painful.
[Girl 1] It went that way.
[Girl 2] Over here!
Where's Asamicchi?
[Ball being kicked]
[Boy] Nakanishi!
Huh?
Sorry I made you come with me.
[Asami] It's fine. I still need
to tell someone
we're gonna be late.
Let's see, who should I call?
You've got your cellphone pet!
We're a match!
Uh, oh I embarassed
you, didn't I?
Huh? Uh, uh-uh!
Um, thanks. Really.
[Mean Girl 1] I'm so tired.
[Mean Girl 2] We're gonna
rest in here, 'kay?
Well if it isn't Melonzilla
and super emo bitch.
[Nakanishi groans in pain]
[Mean Girl 2] Thanks
for the exercise.
[Mean Girl 1] Seriously, girl.
Shouldn't you worry about your
own ass before you go sticking
up for the space cadet, here?
What?
You confused her!
[Mean Girl 1] Ignorance
is bliss.
You know what the boys in this
school call you, little girl?
The girl with two brains.
[Nakanishi] Hey! Don't
be jealous just because
you're flat-chested!
It's better to actually have
boobs than not have any at all!
And her's are just perfect!
And while there are some members
of the male population of this
school who think more
than a handful is a waste,
I happen to like 'em humungous!
The bigger the better, I say!
Actually, size has
nothing to do with it!
But Asamicchi's will
always be perfect!
No! Hey... wait a minute!
Now that's funny!
The horndog and
little Melonzilla.
Guess you found your
dream lover after all.
[Mei] Hey Asami!
[Nakanishi] Wait!
[Nakanishi] That's
not what I meant!
Asamicchi!
[Nakanishi] She's mad.
I've never seen her that pissed.
Geez. I got hit in the face
with a soccer ball. I wasn't
"horndogging," dammit.
Okay, I admit I was talking
about her chest again...
But I meant what I
said. I wasn't trying
to hurt her feelings!
Well, that's the
thing, Nakanishi.
She's really sensative
about that.
[Nakanishi] Why? I
think they're great!
[Mei] That's your opinion.
If you only think about
yourself, you'll end up
causing trouble for others.
I guess she does get angry...
From what I've seen, she usually
keeps her guard up around people
she doesn't know that well.
You're special to her.
And that's why her
feelings are hurt.
[Nakanishi] What should
I do, Tachibana? Tell me.
[Mei] Just tell
her how you feel.
[Nakanishi] Asamicchi!
Hang on a sec! Please wait!
[Mei] I'm not one
to talk, though...
[Nakanishi] Sorry about before.
I must have embarrassed
you pretty bad.
Even Tachibana got mad at me.
I know that I'm not as
good-looking as Yamato,
but I know I care about you
more than anybody possibly can!
So, I'm saying I love you.
I mean, sure I like your boobs,
but that's not why I love you.
I like when you smile,
when you're happy...
Your voice... Everything...
Seeing you and all those
wonderful things about you
always makes my day.
I want to be the first
person to see all of that.
Every morning, before
everyone else.
Where's Nakanishi?
Beats me. I think
he already left.
Huh? What? He's not
going to karaoke?
[Yamato] And Mei?
[Boy] Who's Mei?
[Yamato] Mei Tachibana.
Let's go, Yamato. Okay?
Mei!
I'll finish the dishes dear.
[Mei's phone vibrates]
Your popularity sure has
exploded since you got
to high school, Yamato.
I haven't heard a lot of
good stories about you though.
Like you're womanizing
every girl who gets
within 20 feet of you.
Haha, is that so?
[Arai] That's what's
strange to me.
You haven't womanized me yet.
So why don't you drop the
pretenses and tell me how
much you like me?
Come on. Didn't you like
me in middle school?
You're so tall now.
You know I'd let you put the
moves on me if you wanted to.
Yamato, I just said I'd
let you. What do you say?
Come on, didn't you kiss
that Mei Tachibana girl?
You kissed her, but
you won't kiss me?
It's almost like
you don't want to.
The thing is... Mei's a cutie
if you know what I mean.
Kurosawa's still the knight
in shining armor, right?
Hey, why don't we go outside?
Hey stalker.
[Mei] Uh, I'm not a stalker.
I'm just going for a walk.
Are you by yourself?
[Yamato] Hm? Y-yeah.
Okay...
I thought you'd
come out with her.
And what would you do if we did?
Nothing! I wouldn't care!
My walk's over. I'm leaving!
There's nothing
between me and Arai!
What are you-?!
Why?! Let go of me!
What was that for?! Tell me!
I guess I just felt like it.
Oh really? Is that why
you kiss everyone?!
Some girls get hurt when
you kiss them, dammit!
A kiss that doesn't have
any love behind it doesn't
make me happy, you idiot!
Don't!
That the kiss I
use as a greeting.
Okay, now only someone as cute
as you gets a kiss like that.
[Mei] What?
What are you doing?
That was a kiss for someone
I want to go further with.
That kiss had profound
feelings for the person
standing in front of me.
Can you tell the
difference, Mei?
Do you like me,
or don't you, Mei?
[Mei] How am I supposed to
answer that all of a sudden?
[Yamato] If you don't
say anything, I'll
kiss you for real.
[Mei] Kurosawa notices me,
and looks right at me
when he talks to me.
It makes me so happy,
why deny it?
When I think about you, Yamato,
my heart just keeps on pounding.
Well then. Isn't that the
very definition of love?
[Mei] And right after he said
that, Kurosawa really kissed me.
Not that it matters, but his
so-called emotional kiss...
tasted like fried chicken.
Kisses... Kisses...
[Marshmellow] Rah?
Do I hear mice?!
[Mei] A greeting
kiss, a real kiss...
I had no idea there
were so many kinds.
[Marshmellow] Where are all
these mice hiding, meow?!
[Mei] But the important thing
is that they're full of feeling.
What matters most
is our sincerity.